Update balance of function (#540)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

    const appID = receipt.appID;
    ```
+ `getProgram` is moved to `@algo-builder/runtime` from `@algo-builder/algob`.

> + Modify `balanceOf` in package `@algo-builder/algob` will return amount(number) of asset account holding. If the account does not hold an asset it will return `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `balanceOf` in `@algo-builder/algob` package now return amount (number) of asset account holding and won't print them. If the account does not hold an asset it will return 0.
```
